DOC-1432 - RS: Swift is no longer an option for import (#1957)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/databases/import-export/import-data.md

To import data into a database:

1. Sign in to the admin console and then select **Databases** from the main menu.
1. Select the target database from the list.
1. From the **Configuration** tab, locate and then select the **Import** button.
1. Acknowledge the warning to continue the operation.
1. From the **Import** dialog, enter the details for the import data.  These vary according to the storage location.
1. To receive email notifications, place a checkmark in the **Receive email notification on success/failure** option.
1. Select **Import**.

## Supported storage services

You can import data from a variety of services, ranging from local servers to cloud services.

> Earlier versions of Redis Enterprise Software supported OpenStack Swift as an storage location; however, that support ended [30 November 2020]({{< relref "/rs/release-notes/rs-5-6-0-april-2020#end-of-life" >}}).  As a result, that option is no longer available.

Author: Fixed.

When importing data into an Active-Active database, there are two options:

> - Perform a `flushall` to the database, thus deleting all data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Perform a `flushall` on the database to delete all data.
```

Author: Reworked.
